docs: add session replay options docs (#11027)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/js/features.mdx

| blockClass               | 'ph-no-capture'    | Use a string or RegExp to configure which elements should be blocked, refer to the [privacy](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/blob/master/guide.md#privacy) chapter                          |
| ignoreClass              | 'ph-ignore-input'  | Use a string or RegExp to configure which elements should be ignored, refer to the [privacy](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/blob/master/guide.md#privacy) chapter                          |
| maskTextClass            | 'ph-mask'          | Use a string or RegExp to configure which elements should be masked, refer to the [privacy](https://github.com/rrweb-io/rrweb/blob/master/guide.md#privacy) chapter                           |
| maskAllInputs            | true               | mask all input content as \*                                                                                                                                                                  |

> The defaults for `maskAllInputs`, `maskTextSelector` and `blockSelector` will change depending on your Masking configuration in the Session Replay section of [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-masking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The defaults for `maskAllInputs`, `maskTextSelector` and `blockSelector` will change depending on your masking configuration in the session replay section of [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-masking).
```

> The defaults for `maskAllInputs`, `maskTextSelector` and `blockSelector` will change depending on your Masking configuration in the Session Replay section of [your project settings](https://eu.posthog.com/project/4662/settings/project-replay#replay-masking).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The defaults for `maskAllInputs`, `maskTextSelector` and `blockSelector` will change depending on your Masking configuration in the Session Replay section of [your project settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-masking).
```
